x/inflation/spec/05_parameters.md, before:

<!--
order: 7
-->

# Parameters

The `x/inflation` module contains the parameters described below. All parameters
can be modified via governance.

| Key                      | Type                   | Default Value                                                                 |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `MintDenom`              | string                 | `evm.DefaultEVMDenom` // “aevmos”                                            |
| `ExponentialCalculation` | ExponentialCalculation | `A: sdk.NewDec(int64(300_000_000))`                                           |
|                          |                        | `R: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(50, 2)`                                                |
|                          |                        | `C: sdk.NewDec(int64(9_375_000))`                                             |
|                          |                        | `BondingTarget: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(66, 2)`                                    |
|                          |                        | `MaxVariance: sdk.ZeroDec()`                                                  |
| `InflationDistribution`  | InflationDistribution  | `StakingRewards: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(533333334, 9)`  // 0.53 = 40% / (1 - 25%) |
|                          |                        | `UsageIncentives: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(333333333, 9)` // 0.33 = 25% / (1 - 25%) |
|                          |                        | `CommunityPool: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(133333333, 9)`  // 0.13 = 10% / (1 - 25%)  |



## Mint Denom

The `MintDenom` parameter sets the denomination in which new coins are minted.

## Exponential Calculation

The `ExponentialCalculation` parameter holds all values required for the
calculation of the `epochMintProvision`. The values `A`, `R` and `C` describe
the descrease of inflation over time. The `BondingTarget` and `MaxVariance`
allow for an increase in inflation, which is automatically regulated by the
`bonded ratio`, the portion of staked tokens in the network. The exact formula
can be found under
[Concepts](https://www.notion.so/Inflation-Module-2fa8b7ae430d47e697164fcdb59b5c55).

## Inflation Distribution

The `IinflationDistribution` parameter defines the distribution in which
inflation is allocated through minting on each epoch (`stakingRewards`,
`usageIncentives`,  `CommunityPool`). The `x/inflation` excludes the team
vesting distribution, as team vesting is minted once at genesis. To reflect this
the distribution from the Evmos Token Model is recalculated into a distribution
that excludes team vesting. Note, that this does not change the inflation
proposed in the Evmos Token Model. Each `InflationDistribution` can be
calculated like this:

```markdown
stakingRewards = evmosTokenModelDistribution / (1 - teamVestingDistribution)
0.5333333      = 40%                         / (1 - 25%)
```

Commit message:

imp: add Enable Inflation param (#369)
* impr(inflation): add enableInflation param and skipped epoch counter

* impr(inflation): add grpc query + tests

* impr(inflation): add increment skippedEpochs tests

* impr(inflation): set default enableInflation to false

* impr(inflation): add CHANGELOG

* fix tests
;

* Apply suggestions from code review

* impr(inflation): address comments

* impr(inflation): update specs

* buf

Co-authored-by: Federico Kunze Küllmer <31522760+fedekunze@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Federico Kunze Küllmer <federico.kunze94@gmail.com>

x/inflation/spec/05_parameters.md, after:

<!--
order: 7
-->

# Parameters

The `x/inflation` module contains the parameters described below. All parameters
can be modified via governance.

| Key                      | Type                   | Default Value                                                                 |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `MintDenom`              | string                 | `evm.DefaultEVMDenom` // “aevmos”                                             |
| `ExponentialCalculation` | ExponentialCalculation | `A: sdk.NewDec(int64(300_000_000))`                                           |
|                          |                        | `R: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(50, 2)`                                                |
|                          |                        | `C: sdk.NewDec(int64(9_375_000))`                                             |
|                          |                        | `BondingTarget: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(66, 2)`                                    |
|                          |                        | `MaxVariance: sdk.ZeroDec()`                                                  |
| `InflationDistribution`  | InflationDistribution  | `StakingRewards: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(533333334, 9)`  // 0.53 = 40% / (1 - 25%) |
|                          |                        | `UsageIncentives: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(333333333, 9)` // 0.33 = 25% / (1 - 25%) |
|                          |                        | `CommunityPool: sdk.NewDecWithPrec(133333333, 9)`  // 0.13 = 10% / (1 - 25%)  |
| `EnableInflation`        | bool                   | `true`                                                                        |


## Mint Denom

The `MintDenom` parameter sets the denomination in which new coins are minted.

## Exponential Calculation

The `ExponentialCalculation` parameter holds all values required for the
calculation of the `epochMintProvision`. The values `A`, `R` and `C` describe
the descrease of inflation over time. The `BondingTarget` and `MaxVariance`
allow for an increase in inflation, which is automatically regulated by the
`bonded ratio`, the portion of staked tokens in the network. The exact formula
can be found under
[Concepts](https://www.notion.so/Inflation-Module-2fa8b7ae430d47e697164fcdb59b5c55).

## Inflation Distribution

The `IinflationDistribution` parameter defines the distribution in which
inflation is allocated through minting on each epoch (`stakingRewards`,
`usageIncentives`,  `CommunityPool`). The `x/inflation` excludes the team
vesting distribution, as team vesting is minted once at genesis. To reflect this
the distribution from the Evmos Token Model is recalculated into a distribution
that excludes team vesting. Note, that this does not change the inflation
proposed in the Evmos Token Model. Each `InflationDistribution` can be
calculated like this:

```markdown
stakingRewards = evmosTokenModelDistribution / (1 - teamVestingDistribution)
0.5333333      = 40%                         / (1 - 25%)
```

## Enable Inflation

The `EnableInflation` parameter enables the daily inflation. If it is disabled,
no tokens are minted and the number of skipped epochs increases for each passed
epoch.
