docs/README.md, before:

<!--
layout: home
title: Evmos Documentation
description: Evmos is a scalable and interoperable Ethereum, built on Proof-of-Stake with fast-finality.
sections:
  - title: Introduction
    desc: Read a high-level overview of Evmos and its architecture.
    url: /intro
    icon: ethereum-intro
  - title: Basics
    desc: Start with the basic concepts of Evmos, like accounts and transactions.
    url: /basics
    icon: basics
  - title: Core Concepts
    desc: Read about the core concepts like encoding and events.
    url: /core
    icon: core
stack:
  - title: Cosmos SDK
    desc: The SDK is the world’s most popular framework for building application-specific blockchains.
    color: "#5064FB"
    label: sdk
    url: http://docs.cosmos.network
  - title: Ethereum
    desc: Ethereum is a global, open-source platform for decentralized applications.
    color: "#1A1F36"
    label: ethereum-black
    url: https://eth.wiki
  - title: Tendermint Core
    desc: The leading BFT engine for building blockchains, powering Evmos.
    color: "#00BB00"
    label: core
    url: http://docs.tendermint.com
footer:
  newsletter: false
aside: false
-->

# Evmos Documentation

## Get Started

- **[Introduction](./intro/overview.md)**: High-level overview of Evmos.

## Reference

- **[Basics](./basics/)**: Documentation on the basic concepts of Evmos, like the standard anatomy of an application, the transaction lifecycle and accounts management.
- **[Technical](./technical_concepts/)**: Documentation on the technical concepts of Evmos, like its architecture, `encoding`, and `events`.
- **[Building Modules](./building-modules/)**: Important concepts for module developers like `message`s, `keeper`s, `handler`s and `querier`s.
- **[Interfaces](./interfaces/)**: Documentation on building interfaces for Evmos applications.

## Other Resources

- **[Module Directory](../x/)**: Module implementations and their respective documentation.
- **[Ethermint API Reference](https://godoc.org/github.com/tharsis/ethermint)**: Godocs of Ethermint.
- **[gRPC Gateway API Reference](https://api.evmos.org/)**: List of gRPC Gateway endpoints to interact with an full-node through REST.

## Contribute

See [this file](https://github.com/tharsis/evmos/blob/main/docs/DOCS_README.md) for details of the build process and considerations when making changes.

Commit message:

ci, docs: fix dead links (#548)
* docs: Add developer landing page

* Update according to review comments

* Fix basics link and remove core concepts button

* Remove "not yet live" in high-level overview

* Add GH action to check markdown links

* Add missing newline at end of markdown-links.yml

* Fix markdown lint in developer overview

* Use master of markdown link check not v1.0.14

* fix other issue with markdown lint

* Fix broken markdown links

* Update docs/README.md

* Update docs/architecture/adr-002-evm-hooks.md

Co-authored-by: Federico Kunze Küllmer <31522760+fedekunze@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/README.md, after:

<!--
layout: home
title: Evmos Documentation
description: Evmos is a scalable and interoperable Ethereum, built on Proof-of-Stake with fast-finality.
sections:
  - title: Introduction
    desc: Read a high-level overview of Evmos and its architecture.
    url: /about/intro/overview
    icon: ethereum-intro
  - title: Basics
    desc: Start with the basic concepts of Evmos, like accounts and transactions.
    url: /users/basics/transactions
    icon: basics
stack:
  - title: Cosmos SDK
    desc: The SDK is the world’s most popular framework for building application-specific blockchains.
    color: "#5064FB"
    label: sdk
    url: http://docs.cosmos.network
  - title: Ethereum
    desc: Ethereum is a global, open-source platform for decentralized applications.
    color: "#1A1F36"
    label: ethereum-black
    url: https://eth.wiki
  - title: Tendermint Core
    desc: The leading BFT engine for building blockchains, powering Evmos.
    color: "#00BB00"
    label: core
    url: http://docs.tendermint.com
footer:
  newsletter: false
aside: false
-->

# Evmos Documentation

## Get Started

- **[Introduction](./about/intro/overview.md)**: High-level overview of Evmos.

## Reference

- **[Users](./users/)**: Documentation on relevant technical concepts for users like `accounts`, `gas`, `tokens` or `transactions` on Evmos as well as more advanced topics.
- **[Developers](./developers/)**: Documentation on `block explorers`, `clients`, the `JSON-RPC` implementation or the testnet `faucet` can be found here.
- **[Validators](./validators/)**: Documentation on how to become an Evmos validator, hardware requirements, configuring a `node` and connecting to the `testnet` and `mainnet`,

## Other Resources

- **[Module Directory](../x/)**: Module implementations and their respective documentation.
- **[Ethermint API Reference](https://godoc.org/github.com/tharsis/ethermint)**: Godocs of Ethermint.
- **[gRPC Gateway API Reference](https://api.evmos.dev/)**: List of gRPC Gateway endpoints to interact with an full-node through REST.

## Contribute

See [this file](https://github.com/tharsis/evmos/blob/main/docs/DOCS_README.md) for details of the build process and considerations when making changes.
