x/erc20/spec/05_hooks.md, before:

<!--
order: 5
-->

# Hooks

The erc20 module implements two transaction hooks from the EVM and Governance modules

## EVM Hooks

::: tip
👉 **Purpose**: Allow for users to convert ERC20s to Cosmos Coins by sending an Ethereum tx transfer to the module account address. This enables native conversion of tokens via Metamask and EVM-enabled wallets.
:::

### Registered Coin: ERC20 to Coin

1. User transfers ERC20 tokens to the `ModuleAccount` address to escrow (lock)
2. Check if the ERC20 Token that was transferred from the sender is a native ERC20 or a native cosmos coin by looking at the ethereum Logs
3. If the token contract address is corresponds to the ERC20 representation of a native Cosmos Coin
    1. Call `burn()` ERC20 method from the  `ModuleAccount`
        1. NOTE: This is the same as 1.2, but since the tokens are already on the ModuleAccount balance, we burn the tokens from the module address instead of calling `burnFrom()`
        2. NOTE: We don't need to mint because (1.1) escrows the coin
    2. Transfer Cosmos Coin to the bech32 account address of the sender hex address (1.)

### Registered ERC20: ERC20 to Coin

1. User transfers coins to the Module Account to escrow (lock)
2. Check if the ERC20 Token that was transferred is a native ERC20 or a native cosmos coin
3. If the token contract address is a native ERC20 token
    1. Mint Cosmos Coin
    2. Transfer Cosmos Coin to the bech32 account address of the sender hex (1.)

## Governance Hooks

::: tip
👉 **Purpose:** speed up the approval process of a token pair registration by defining a custom `VotingPeriod` duration for the `RegisterCoinProposal` and `RegisterERC20Proposal`.
:::

### Overwriting the Voting Period

By Implementing the [GovHooks](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/blob/86474748888204515f59aaeab9be295066563f46/x/gov/types/expected_keepers.go#L57) Interface from the Cosmos-SDK, the voting period for all proposals of the ERC20 module can be customized using the `AfterProposalDeposit` hook.

1. Set the voting period  on the erc20 module parameters at genesis or through governance
2. Submit a new governance proposal, e.g. `RegisterERC20Proposal`
3. The `AfterProposalDeposit` hook is automatically called and overrides the voting period for all proposals to the value defined on the erc20 module parameters.

Commit message:

audit(erc20): Changes from api audit (#544)
* specs(erc20): small spec fixes in concepts and state

* specs(erc20): small spec fixes in state transitions, hooks and params

* specs(erc20): remove updateTokenPairERC20Proposal functionality

* specs(erc20): rename relay to conversion -> Api breaking

* specs(erc20): add erc20 specific gov cli commands to spec

* specs(erc20): move evm helper functions

* fix linter

* update CHANGELOG

* add CHANGELOG tags

x/erc20/spec/05_hooks.md, after:

<!--
order: 5
-->

# Hooks

The erc20 module implements transaction hooks from the EVM in order to trigger token pair conversion.

## EVM Hooks

The EVM hooks allows users to convert ERC20s to Cosmos Coins by sending an Ethereum tx transfer to the module account address. This enables native conversion of tokens via Metamask and EVM-enabled wallets.

### Registered Coin: ERC20 to Coin

1. User transfers ERC20 tokens to the `ModuleAccount` address to escrow them
2. Check if the ERC20 Token that was transferred from the sender is a native ERC20 or a native Cosmos Coin by looking at the ethereum Logs
3. If the token contract address corresponds to the ERC20 representation of a native Cosmos Coin
    1. Call `burn()` ERC20 method from the  `ModuleAccount`. Note that this is the same as 1.2, but since the tokens are already on the ModuleAccount balance, we burn the tokens from the module address instead of calling `burnFrom()`. Also note that we don't need to mint because [1.1 coin to erc20](03_state_transitions.md#11-coin-to-erc20) escrows the coin
    2. Transfer Cosmos Coin to the bech32 account address of the sender hex address

### Registered ERC20: ERC20 to Coin

1. User transfers coins to the`ModuleAccount` to escrow them
2. Check if the ERC20 Token that was transferred is a native ERC20 or a native cosmos coin
3. If the token contract address is a native ERC20 token
    1. Mint Cosmos Coin
    2. Transfer Cosmos Coin to the bech32 account address of the sender hex
